# Prognosis-of-Crop-Yield
Agriculture was the first occupation of human beings which was developed before 10,000 years approximately. It was the one that helped to start our human civilization. As per the statistics up to 2018, nearly 50% of the population is using agriculture as their occupation.
India was the second leading producer of agricultural goods. Even in 2020, the majority of the population in our country is dependent on Farming. Also, agriculture has contributed nearly 17 to 18% of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of India. In India majority of the land space was used for Agriculture, which pushed all other countries and took the top place in the list. Also, India was exporting these Agricultural Goods to other countries which were nearly $3.5 billion (in March 2020). India was the seventh largest exporter of Agricultural Goods for more than 120 countries namely Japan, Southeast Asia, SAARC Countries &, etc.....

Machine learning was the technology that takes past data as input & trains a model accordingly, when the user gives the new data the system analyzes the data as per the model it created during the training process & predicts the required output. Using this Technology we can implement a system to forecast or prognosis the yield of a crop which helps to increase the production & also the economy. There are many existing systems which as using the techniques like classification & Regressions, Support Vector Machines, Decision trees, etc..., whose accuracy was low as compared with Random Forest Algorithm In this Algorithm the data given to the system was divided & each data is transformed into the decision tree. Later the output is given by a voting process which further increases the accuracy. So, this helps to predict the yield with high accuracy which helps farmers economically and also.

This is used to predict the yield of the crop by getting the input such as Rainfall, Soil Info, Crop Type, etc.....
